Data Scientist Technical Test Instructions

Please complete this technical test within 4 days of receiving it.
Please spend no more than 4 hours on it.
Once complete please return:
 - a Jupyter Notebook for the EDA

You are requested to provide an Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) on two tables (trades and
users) located in a Postgres database. You should demonstrate your Python3 and SQL knowledge to identify
all data quality issues (we have introduced several issues). Where possible you should use data vizualisation
techniques to support your identification of these issues.

You are also required to produce a simple K-Means clustering of the users. Assign each user to a single
cluster. Describe your choice for K and your logic for any pre-processing you have done. Please include
a performance evaluation. Present a frequency histogram for how many users are assigned to each cluster.
Please also provide a 3-D interactive graph using three principal components for the axis and the cluster
for the data point colour.

Credentials
host: technical-test-1.cgajoruzs0oh.ap-southeast-2.rds.amazonaws.com
port: 5432
database: technical_test
user: candidate
password: NW337AkNQH76veGc

Data Catalog
login_hash - hashed user login ID
ticket_hash - hashed trade ID
server_hash - hashed machine ID (note that logins and tickets belong to servers)
symbol - financial instrument being traded
digits - number of significant digits after the decimal place
cmd - 0 = buy, 1 = sell
volume - size of the trade
open_time - open time of the trade
open_price - open time of the trade
close_time - close time of the trade (epoch means trade is still open)
contractsize - size of a single contract of the financial instrument
country_hash - hash of the country of the user
currency - denomination of the account currency
enable - if the login account is enabled or not

Your EDA should demonstrate your skill set, it should highlight novel findings about the data
and it will show your ability to analyse and tell stories with data. Please pay attention to
code quality and make sure you identify any issues with the data. 